Congratulations on completing the final
course of the certificate program!
We covered a lot of information,
so let's take a moment to review.
We started by discussing
how to protect assets and
communicate incidents by
developing a security mindset.
Then, we covered when and how to escalate
incidents to the appropriate team
members to make sure that small
issues don't become big problems for
an organization and the people it serves.
Next, we explored ways to communicate
effectively to influence stakeholders'
decisions related to security.
This included discussions about how to use
visuals to convey important information
and sending emails, making phone calls, or
sending instant messages.
After that, we shared some ways to engage
with the security community, including
attending conferences and connecting with
other analysts through a networking site.
Then we moved on to the final
section of the course,
which covered how to find,
prepare for, and apply for jobs.
This included discussions about how
to create a compelling resume and
tips to help you navigate
the interview process.
It's been an absolute pleasure
guiding you through this journey.